Is your company page built to grow? In
today's episode, the four C's will tell
you. Good day everyone. It's Michelle J.
Raymond back again to talk about all
things LinkedIn company pages and more
importantly, is your company page set up
for growth? How do you tell? I've been
working with clients for around 6 years
on all things company pages. And no
matter the size of the company, the size
of the team that looks after it, the
experience of the marketer that is
managing the company page, or the social
media manager or agency that's taking
care of it, I keep seeing the same
patterns emerge. So, I thought in
today's episode that I would share with
you my four C's framework so you can
figure out whether your company page has
been set up for success and growth or if
it's kind of stagnant and doomed for
failure. I don't really think that
anybody's page is really doomed that
badly, but honestly, there are some
pretty bad examples of company pages out
there that if they followed my framework
and have a look into the four Cs, they
could easily fix it. So, I'm going to
share what are the four C's, how you can
implement them into your LinkedIn
strategy quickly and easily and really
start getting growth for your page.
Sounds like a plan. What does built for
growth actually mean? Well, by my
definition, I'm looking at a system that
you can implement. So, not just one
tactic here or there, but how they all
come together to really get you those
results that your business is after. The
results that you're after can vary. That
doesn't matter, but it is really
important that you have a goal that
you're chasing because otherwise, how
are you going to know if this is
actually working? And so for me, I am
always going to come back to strategy
first. The answer if your page isn't
growing and delivering results is never
going to be post more. It is always
going to be fix the system. If the
answer is fix the system, you need to be
able to have a tool to diagnose what the
problems are. And that's why I created
the four C's framework for your company
page. What are the four C's? Glad that
you asked. They are clarity, content,
community, and cadence. And we're going
to go into each of those, and I'm going
to explain it a little bit more as to
how these apply back to your page. And
more importantly,
think about what small actions you can
take after you listen to this podcast
that can really put this into action.
Because none of this matters if we don't
go away and actually put it into action.
So, we're going to go through each of
those things, why I think that they'll
make a difference. Let's talk about the
first C, clarity. And what clarity means
in this framework is we need to define
who the page is for and who owns it. I
can guarantee you that most company
pages have been handed down from page
manager to page manager, sometimes
internal, sometimes external agencies.
And honestly, I don't think anyone ever
even realizes where this thing started
or where it's going. So, number one, is
there a clear owner? Who in the team is
responsible for the page? And this might
sound captain obvious and it should be,
but I work with so many teams where
there's multiple people in the team.
They could be spread between a global
office and regional offices or even
interstate. I have sat in a meeting
where I said, "Who owns the page?" and
everybody just looked at each other
because there was no one owner that was
responsible for the success. So, make
sure that you've got that sorted. Okay.
Now, I know you're probably sitting
there going, "Really, Michelle? Are we
starting back at the basics?" Yeah,
absolutely we are. Because if we don't
have these foundations right, doesn't
matter about any of the complex or cool
stuff that we can do later. So, the
other thing that we want to define when
it comes to clarity is the audience that
your page is targeting. Again,
you might think, "Oh, that's obvious."
Is it? If I don't know your brand or
your products and I come to your company
page, can I easily tell that I'm your
target audience? So, you could take a
look at things like your banner, your
about section, the content that you're
posting. Is it really defined or are you
trying to be everything to everyone? And
I think most pages are trying to sell to
as many people as possible. the bigger
the pool. And I think that's why content
never really resonates with people that
are consuming it because ultimately it's
like it's a bit bland, a bit boring, and
a bit just for everybody. So go and
define your audience. That leads us into
the second C, which is content. Now
content is something that everybody
jumps to and thinks that that's the
secret to success. And yes, it can be.
if we've done the first scene and got
that clarity sorted. So if you haven't
done that work, go back and start there.
A lot of teams also think that their
problem is that they don't have enough
creativity. But realistically, I think
the actual problem is designing the
system. So it can be as simple as do you
have a content calendar in place? Have
you planned your two or three posts per
week for your page and not just creating
them ad hoc? Now, we're creating them
around that defined audience and not
around the business. Big difference
there. Is the content that you're
creating, do you have employee ready
posts? Like, are these posts that if
they go out on the company page that
your employees will want to engage with?
or they kind of silently cringing in the
background, afraid to actually engage
because they don't really want their
name to be seen with it. So, think about
that. Also, under content, I love a good
system and we are going to be talking
about what happens with a really simple
advocacy playbook. So, your employees
not only know when the page is going to
post, but they should be keeping an eye
out for it. And of course, we're asking
for the team to help support the page by
either commenting or re-sharing it with
their audience or just in general, even
if they engage in any small way. If they
don't know how, and they certainly
haven't been told why it's important,
then this is something again that often
falls over. The power of two works
really well only when everybody knows
what's going on with the company brand
and how they can use their personal
brands to support it. The other thing
that I want you to take a look at when
it comes to content and the thing that
falls over the most is often the call to
action on your post. Is it you're always
wanting somebody to engage with the post
and go off onto your own website or an
external link and you are always trying
to get something in return from them. I
want you to think how is it that we can
get more creative with our call to
actions on our post rather than sending
people off to try and consume more and
more and more. We know that if we
overuse too much lead generation tactics
on our company page and not enough
thought leadership tactics, and I've
done some podcast episodes on this
previously. If you want the details,
just reach out and I'm happy to share
them. But think about it. One post gets
one call to action of what you want
people to do. Is that to follow the
page? Is that to comment on the post? Is
it to visit an external website? or is
it to save? Don't try and confuse people
by giving them too much all at once and
confusing them. The third C is all about
community. And community is so important
when it comes to the growth of your
company page. Growth on LinkedIn will
always be human before it's corporate.
I'm not here to try and change anybody's
opinion on that. It is absolutely the
way it should be. And when we're talking
about community in terms of company
pages, what are some of the signals that
you should be taking a look at to see
whether your page is set up for growth?
Number one, I'm going to say, is
consistent visuals? Will I be able to
easily recognize in the feed that this
particular post is related back to your
brand? Now, this is something that you
may think is immediately obvious, but if
I was to take your logo off, would it
still be the case? And the last thing we
want to make sure that we're checking
is, does it now just look like one of
your competitors post with different
colors? I'm going to say the answer
probably nine times out of 10 here is it
absolutely does. So, we've got some work
to do in this space. Let's talk about
comments as pages. It's a really big
opportunity in 2026 for page admins to
make sure that they're implementing page
advocacy and getting the page out there
and actively commenting. When I'm doing
company page audits with teams, this is
something that I'm definitely looking
at. Quite often it can be a confidence
play because the person that's managing
the page and creating the content isn't
always a subject matter expert or
well-known in the industry and may not
feel confident. So think about what can
you create to help that person in that
role. How else can we get your page to
grow when it comes to community on your
page? Your leadership has to be visible.
Honestly, if you're a business leader
expecting great results and growth from
your LinkedIn company page, you need to
come in and be a part of this action
just as much as the team looking after
it and managing the page. even more so
because quite often the people at the
top have often been in the industry the
longest or are very well connected and
you get that certain level of authority
that comes just because of your title
within the business. It's just how we're
built. It's the way the world works. So
getting leaders to actually engage and
leading by example is a really great way
for the power of two to come together
under this sea of community.
How else can we check that the page is
set up for growth when it comes to
community? In this particular aspect,
I'd also like you to check is the
content that you're putting out
featuring employees like real people,
not just your products, not just your
press releases, not just the business
results. Are there real humans of your
business showing in the content? And
this one I think is the quickest and
easiest win that you can honestly have
out of this whole episode today. If you
were to make one simple swap and include
the faces of your employees more often
than not in your content, I promise you
your reach, engagement, and all the
metrics that you want to measure success
on will definitely go up. If I was to
look back at almost every audit that
I've done, the teams that implemented
this after we finished working together
are the ones that actually grew the
most. They weren't the flashiest. They
didn't have the biggest teams or the
fancy equipment. They highlighted their
people. And so that's why when it comes
to community, don't overlook this as a
growth tactic.
Let's go to the fourth C and that is
cadence. Now, Cadence can relate to the
activities that you're taking. And I
honestly believe that if they're in
somebody's calendar as time set aside
and prioritized, this actually makes
life much easier for the person rather
than having to try and remember to do
everything. And you may have other tools
that you use for reminders, and that's
totally fine as well. But the point is
set time aside to make sure that these
activities happen consistently. The most
important thing that I think you can set
aside time for when it comes to growing
your LinkedIn company page and making
sure that it is generating opportunities
for the brand and that is to make sure
that you have some kind of basic
reporting rhythm. So are you going back
and taking a look at the analytics? And
we've got a bunch of new analytics that
are coming through for company pages
right now. So things like you can see
how often your content has been saved,
whether it's been re-shared, did it
generate, you know, visitors, did your
post generate more page followers. These
are the types of analytics that are
coming through. That's one piece of the
puzzle. But I also think the other piece
of the puzzle that's important is your
demographics. Is your content talking to
that identified audience that we did
back in the first C? Clarity. That is
how you know that you have done the work
up front, that you're attracting that
ideal audience, and everything is paying
off.
Where do I think that you should start
with the four C's? Obviously clarity as
I've mentioned and if you're someone
that has been listening to the podcast
and you're in the car or at the gym or
somewhere where you don't have access to
be able to write some of these things
down, go across, connect with me on
LinkedIn and subscribe to my LinkedIn
newsletter. Every week when the podcast
goes live, a newsletter goes out that
also has a recap of everything that I've
spoken about and all of this will be
included in that newsletter. So, thank
you for listening to the podcast or
watching over on YouTube if you prefer
that way. But the recap always every
single week is in my LinkedIn
newsletters. I look forward to hearing
from some of you when you reach out and
connect with me. I say it all the time
and it's my favorite thing when I know
that you're a listener and we get to
stay connected over on LinkedIn so I can
have a two-way conversation with you.
The four C's that we've gone through
today, we've got clarity, we've got
content, we've got community, and we've
got cadence. Pick which one of these
things is really going to make the
biggest difference for your business.
And you probably only need to implement
maybe two or three out of the 11 things
that I've actually covered in today's
episode. So start with those three
things, get them up and running, and
then look for other opportunities for
your page really to level up and do
things that other pages in your industry
just aren't doing. As I wrap up today's
episode, there may be some of you that
have been thinking, "This all seems
pretty obvious, Michelle. Is this really
the thing that's going to make a
difference for my company page to grow?"
And the answer, my friends, is it
absolutely is. I've been doing company
page audits for six years, working with
clients all over the world. And the
growth that I see comes from doing the
foundational steps, the strategic steps
really well and consistently over time
is where the biggest difference comes.
And what do you know? It is never
anything flash. It's certainly never a
crazy hack. It is getting back to
fundamentals. If you need some help
figuring out whether your page is on
track and following those fundamentals,
often my clients say it's great to have
an independent set of eyes take a look.
An outsider looking in can often give
you a very different view than what you
can see yourself as being part of that
ecosystem internally. So, I'm going to
drop the details for my company page
audit and strategy sessions into the
show notes and feel free to check that
out. And if you want to have a free
15inute intro call with me, if you've
got some questions, book one on the
website. No problems at all. So until
next week, cheers.